Programming Assignment 6 - Final Product

https://youtu.be/zM4GguOxsVM

Commands to run program: g++ src/chatbot.cpp
                        ./a.out

Website for information: https://www.scstatehouse.gov/member.php?code=1905681590

In this portion of the programming assignment, the goal was to combine P1, P2, P3, P4 and P5 into a working
chatbot that includes the specific capabilities from each project. There are three portions to this project,
1. A working prototype with a video displaying that it works:
2. A report
3. A presentation

The data folder just contains input.txt which is the downloaded webpage into a .txt file while is parsed 
by the program in order to create output.txt which is used in program matching. The folder also contains the
chat_sessions folder with all of the .txt session files, and the chat_statistics.csv file that contains the
statistics for all of the chat sessions.

The doc folder contains description.txt and was used to understand what the program is meant to do and 
how it should be run. Also, it contains the required add ons for the final chatbot assignment so the 
report, the video and the presentation are found here as well.

The src folder contains chatbot.cpp. Since this program is a compiled version of the other projects, refer to 
those for a more detailed description of the specifc functions. The functions used are:
- main() : calls all functions and prompts the user
- read() : reads the relevant information from input.txt to output.txt
- commandMatch() : if the user asks a command, matches the command to the appropiate response
- createSession() : creates a new session of the interaction betweeen the user and the program
- sessionSearch() : given the correct command, searches for the corresponding statistics
- questionMatch() : if the user asks a question, matches the question to the appropiate response
Because I sort of combined my code throughout the process, the project is similar to P5 with the data
reading aspect (read()) of P1/P2.

The test folder contains test.txt which holds the output of some of the test cases.
